docs: edited `@@@` docs (#1672)
paradedb/paradedb: docs/api-reference/optimization/overview.mdx

---
title: Overview
---

## The `@@@` Operator

While the [`search` function](/api-reference/full-text/overview) is useful for simple full text search queries, it is **not optimized** for

> - Return hundreds of thousands or millions of documents as quickly as possible

Reviewer: ```suggestion
- Returning hundreds of thousands or millions of documents as quickly as possible
```

> - Return hundreds of thousands or millions of documents as quickly as possible

Reviewer: ```suggestion
- Returning hundreds of thousands or millions of documents as quickly as possible
```

- Usage in complex SQL queries with other "plain SQL" `WHERE` or `JOIN` clauses

For more complex queries, we recommend using the `@@@` operator. The `@@@` operator means "find **all rows** matching a full text query." It's designed to return large numbers of rows as quickly as possible and interacts well with `ORDER BY`, `OFFSET`/`LIMIT`, and `GROUP BY` clauses as well as standard query operators such
as `AND`, `OR`, and `NOT`.

`@@@` itself **does not** perform any ordering, offsets or limits. These are now operations that need to be added to the overall query with `ORDER BY`, `OFFSET`, and `LIMIT`.
`@@@` also does not return scores. If scores are required, `score_bm25` should be used.

<Note>

> We are undergoing an internal refactor to move more of the API way from the `<index_name>.search` syntax and towards the `@@@` operator, which delivers a number of performance and

Reviewer: ```suggestion
We are undergoing an internal refactor to move more of the API away from the `<index_name>.search` syntax and towards the `@@@` operator, which delivers a number of performance and
```

> We are undergoing an internal refactor to move more of the API way from the `<index_name>.search` syntax and towards the `@@@` operator, which delivers a number of performance and

Reviewer: ```suggestion
We are undergoing an internal refactor to move more of the API away from the `<index_name>.search` syntax and towards the `@@@` operator, which delivers a number of performance and
```

> syntax improvements. Over time, you can expect the `@@@` operator to be recommended more heavily across the documentation.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
syntax improvements. Over time, we expect to more heavily recommend the `@@@` operator.
```
